Your time is up my time is now
You can't see me my time is now
It's the franchise, boy I'm shining now
You can't see me my time is now
[ John Cena ]
In case you forgot I fell off
I'm still hot knock your shell off
My money stacked fat
Plus I can't turn the swell off
The franchise
Doing big buisness
I live this it's automatic
I witness so you hear those horns
You finished
A soldier
And I stay under you fightin'
Plus I'm stormin' on you chumps
Like I'm thunder and lightnin'
Ain't no way you breakin' me kid I'm harder than nails
Plus I keep it all locked like I'm part of the jails
I'm slaughtering stale competition.
I got the whole block wishin'
They could run with my division
But they gone fishin'
With no bait
Kid can your boy hold weight
I got my soul straight
I brush your mouth like Colgate
In any weather or never better
Your boy's so hot
You'd never catch me in the next man's sweater
If they hate let 'em hate
I drop your whole clan
Lay your ass down for the 3 second tan

Your time is up my time is now
You can't see me my time is now
It's the franchise boy I'm shining now
You can't see me (yeah) my time is now

Uh. It's gon' be, what it's gon' be.
Five pounds of courage *Buddy Binks* tan pants with a gold tee.
Ugh, It's a war dance and victory step.
Of all stances, a gift and you insist it's my rep.
John Cena, Trademarc, you'll are so so we talked about the bread you make.
But don't know the recipe for dough though.
Aiming guns in all your photos, that's a no-no.
When this pop your lip lock, your *big tocks I* blame your no show
See what happens when the ice age melt.
You see monetary status is not what matters, but it helps.
I rock a time piece by Benny if any.
The same reason ya'll can love me is the same reason ya'll condemn me.
A man is measured by the way that he thinks
not clothing lines, ice links, leather, and minks.
I spent 20 plus years seeking knowledge itself.
So for now Marc records living life for wealth

Your time is up my time is now
You can't see me my time is now
It's the franchise boy I'm shining now
You can't see me my time is now